Laser Harp software.

In the Arduino directory are two Arduino sketches.

RawInput:
  This sketch just displays the raw input from all the photo resistors over the
  COM port. Values are from 0 to 1023, where 0 is complete darkness and 1023 is 
  the brightest that the sensor will report. Use the Arduino Serial Monitor to 
  view the output.

LaserHarpMultiplex:
  This is the main version that outputs on/off inputs for all the photo
  resistors. The serial protocol is documented in the comments. It includes
  auto-calibration, which is turned on or off via a constance in the code.
  If auto-calibration is on, then when the Arduino is powered, or the reset
  button is pressed, it automatically calibrates the photo resistor by
  turning the laser on, monitoring the photo-resistor values, turning the laser
  off, and monitoring the photo-resistor values. The threshold is set 
  half-way between. If the on and off values aren't similar enough, the sensor 
  is considered in error and will not report results. Calibration results
  can be viewed in Serial Monitor.

  The LED shows status as follows:
    Solid on: everything working.
	Slow blink: calibration in progress.
	Fast blink -- blinks the number of the lowest sensor that is in error.
	  I.e., 3 blinks means sensor 3 could not be calibrated.


In the Windows directory is the Windows code that reads the output from 
LaserHarpMultiplex and plays notes. It reads all the .WAV files that are in the
directory of the executable, or a folder there in. If you place more files, you
can hit the "Refresh" button to re-read the files.

While running, the program will respond to both the Serial Port input from the 
Arduino, or the number keys 1-8. 

There are currently four play modes supported. These are to experiment with
different approaches. 

Once Full -- Plays the sound when the laser goes off, all the way to the end. 
             Ignore laser on events. Can support multiple simultaneous playing o
			 of the same note.
Once On/Off - plays the sound when the laser goes off, stops when the laser goes
              on or the sound ends.
Looping     - plays the sound when the laser goes off, stops when the laser goes
              on. loops the sound if needed.
Continuous Loop - similar to looping, but keeps the loop going (but silent) when 
                  laser is on. Starts the sound wherever it is in the loop. If
				  all sounds are the same length, the loops should remain
				  synchronized.